React Props: Smiley Challenge (#139)
neuefische/web-exercises: sessions/react-props/smiley/README.md

# Smiley

Props are versatile: you cannot only pass strings or numbers, but a boolean value as well! Let's use this feature to render smileys ;)

## Task

Look at the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file: the `App` component returns a heading which wants to be replaced by a component. Your task is to write a `Smiley` component which renders a smiley depending on a prop called `isHappy`.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

- Write the `Smiley` component inside of the [`App.js`](src/App.js).
  - It accepts a prop called `isHappy` (make sure to destructure it).

>   - It returns asemantic HTML element which renders a happy smiley if `isHappy` is `true` and a sad one if its value is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - It returns a semantic HTML element which renders a happy smiley if `isHappy` is `true` and a sad one if its value is `false`.
```

> - Inside of the return statement of your `App` component, replace the heading with your `Smiley` component and pass it the `isHappy` prop (or don't if you're sad).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Inside of the return statement of your `App` component, replace the heading with your `Smiley` component and pass it the `isHappy` prop (– or don't, if you want to display the unhappy smiley).
```
